Add white and blue panel variants (#1196)
nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Do you mind undoing the "Trim Trailing Whitespace" changes?

Probably keep it turned off and let Prettier handle it?

We've used it in a couple of places to [preserve line breaks](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#line-break-best-practices)

# NHS.UK frontend Changelog

## Unreleased

> ### New features

Reviewer: I kept the emoji (and the bold is redundant, but a different colour in code)

```suggestion
### :new: **New features**
```

#### Blue panel variant

> There is a new variant of the Panel component with a solid blue background and white text. This can be used as an interruption card. [Pull request #1196](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/1196)

Reviewer: I think we lowercase the component names when inline?

Looks good with the PR link split out for consistency

```suggestion
We've added a new variant of the panel component with a solid blue background and white text. This can be used as an interruption card.
  
This was added in [pull request #1196: Add blue panel (Interruption card) variant](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/1196).
```
